[MUSIC PLAYING]
ELLIOTT MARQUEZ: : Hey there,
Polycasters, I'm Elliott.
Welcome back to our series
on building an element
in Polymer 2.
In the last video, we got to
know the layout of a Polymer
element.
Now let's get to work
building a simple checklist.
We'll start by mocking it up.
So a checklist is going to
have some simple checkboxes
and a input.
So let's create a checkbox.
So input of type Checkbox.
Let's remove these other things.
We don't need that right there.
And then we'll create
an normal input.
And so if we go over here,
this looks about right.
You have a checkbox and you
have the name of your tasks,
like getTomatoes.
But the thing is, a checkbox
usually has more than just
this.
So we might want to have
more than just that.
Let's copy-paste this
a bunch of times.
And here's a bunch of
different checkboxes.
And let's see what
else we can do.
Let's add a header
for the title.
Let's say this is
the To-Do section
and we'll also
create a Completed
section so you know exactly
what you've done already.
And we'll call this
Completed and we'll
copy-paste a few here.
And we'll add a button at the
bottom to create a bit more.
So Add Task.
Give it a refresh.
Looks pretty good.
We have a To-Do section
with a bunch of things
that you want to do and then
you have Completed section.
And these should all
be checked at the end.
And an Add Task button, which
would create more tasks.
All right.
And so let's go back.
Let's clean it up just a bit.
Let's remove this section and
we'll put a placeholder here
so we remember to go back here.
Add completed stuff.
And then let's take a
look at the To-Do section.
So the To-Do
section's a bit long.
It's something that we
can't really scale up,
so if somebody wants
100 different things,
you're going to have to
copy-paste this 100 times,
and that's not
exactly what we want.
It'd be nice to consolidate
and have one section that
repeats dynamically.
Luckily, the Polymer library
has a very nice feature in it
called Dom Repeat.
You can find this and other
types of useful libraries
in the Lib folder inside
of the Polymer Directory.
In here, you'll see things like
elements and utilities, mixins
and some Legacy
stuff from Polymer 1
if you're still
attached to that.
And so here you'll
see DomRepeat.html.
Let's import that.
So we'll go into the
Polymer Directory
and import the Lib
Directory and then Elements
and then Dom Repeat.
Ta-da.
There it is.
Let's type it in here.
And so Dom Repeat is
an element that wraps
around your repeating sections.
So we'll create that.
Move this.
Cut it up.
Create a template tag
and paste it in there.
All right.
Now let's just fix this up
and make it look all pretty.
Cool.
Nice.
So let's go repeat.
Nothing's repeating.
What did we do wrong?
So luckily, the Polymer
IDE, when you mouse over it,
will tell you a lot of nice
features about this element.
So here, it's actually
a slightly older version
of Dom Repeat, so it
takes an items property
and it has a template
with the things
that you actually
want to repeat.
So let's go type that in.
So in Dom Repeat,
let's type in Items.
Here, the Polymer IDE
again will tell you
a bunch of different things,
like items only takes an array
and it determines
how many instances
you'll have of the template.
So let's data bind
this over to a variable
that we're going to call Tasks.
And so Tasks, we're going
to have to define over here
in the Properties block.
So we have Tasks.
We're going to call the type
Array and then call the value.
We're going to make it
a function that just
simply returns an empty array.
Let's refresh.
Still nothing because
the array's empty.
So let's fill it up with stuff.
So we'll have one,
two, three, four, five.
Sorry it's not zero indexed.
And ta-da.
Here you go.
You have five different
things repeated.
You can also do nice things,
like rename the property
with as, and so we'll say
these items that are passed in,
we're going to call
them the variable task.
And in here, in the text
input, we'll bind it to that.
So we'll have input type
text with the value of task.
Go back over here
and there you go.
It data binds the values
that were in the array.
So we've mocked up
a simple checklist
but there's still some
work that we can do
to make it look a little nicer.
In the next video, we'll use
pre-made elements and styling
to clean things up.
See you soon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]